docs(TLS): Modifications for TLS Profile Creation (#176)
open-amt-cloud-toolkit/docs: docs/Reference/createProfileTLSConfig.md

    | Server and Non-TLS Authentication | **Used primarily for testing.** The client authenticates the server request and accepts legitimate digital certificates from TLS-enabled servers. However, if the server is not TLS-enabled, the client defaults to a CIRA connection.|
    | Mutual TLS Authentication Only | Both client and server **must** have certs. The client cert is signed by the server cert. |
    | Mutual and Non-TLS Authentication | **Used primarily for testing.** Both client and server certs are expected. The client authenticates the server request and accepts legitimate digital certificates from TLS-enabled servers. However, if the server is not TLS-enabled, the client defaults to a CIRA connection.   |

11. This express setup assumes the managed device (i.e. AMT device) is on a wired connection for quickest setup.  To learn more about a Wireless Setup, see the [Wireless Activation Tutorial](../Tutorials/createWiFiConfig.md).

12. Click **Save.**

    !!! example "Example profile with TLS Config"
        
        ![RPS_CreateProfileTLSConfig.png](../assets/images/RPS_CreateProfileTLSConfig.png)
        
        **Figure 2: Example profile with TLS Config.**

> 13. To confirm the digital certificates generated for the profile, open a browser and navigate to the [Vault service](https://localhost:8200). Use the Vault token stored in the .env file. **Sign in to Vault** on the development system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
13. To confirm the digital certificates generated for the profile, open a browser and navigate to the Vault service at [https://localhost:8200](https://localhost:8200) for a local Docker deployment or [Cloud-FQDN]:8200 (Ex: openamt.eastus.cloudapp.azure.com:8200) for a cloud deployment.

14. Sign in to Vault with the `VAULT_TOKEN` stored in the .env file or Root Token (Ex: s.QnhrbjXyH08UD7y6PHBDmjq9) generated when unsealing and initializing Vault in your cloud deployment.
```

    ![VaultLoginpng](../assets/images/VaultLogin.png)

    **Figure 3: Login with the token**

> 14. Choose the **Secrets** tab and then navigate to the path: **< kv <TLS < [profile name]**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
15. Navigate to the path `secret/TLS/[profile name]` for a local dev mode Vault deployment. Or `kv/TLS/[profile name]` for a cloud deployment.
```
